[Music]
although you do jump make Chris here
come back and do with another vid but
this time you know for us Nikki heads
out there you know what the main reason
why we clicked kicks and any of that is
because we wants to stay fresh f TD
fresh to death
yep I said it took it back anyways yes
you want to keep your kicks fresh do you
want to keep them clean and everything
but once you start to wear your shoes
you call these things go through these
everyday obstacles of just get them
dirty people step on your here
spilling drinks here and just all kind
of crazy stuff I mean have you guys ever
you know had a drink before
and yeah I might have had too much and
you accidentally spill some on your
kicks or you know for us peoples been oh
you like some sauce in your food man
Viera accidentally put way too much
sriracha sauce on your in this foot
on your kicks
[Music]
well yes then we'll get to dirty
and I got the perfect solution for you
and what we have here we have your
liquid off shoe protector here we go BAM
yes it's a liquid repellent treatment
and all that liquid off showers to
liquid off or sitting this about so yeah
with this liquid off repellent well I'll
tell you well basically it it repels
anything liquid water base include water
juice wine syrup ketchup and much more
liquids that are thicker such as ketchup
will sometimes require a little bit of
water to pour onto to complete remove
off and say yes so so yeah it's supposed
to repel all kind of liquid forms off
your kicks so in case you have a hoop
seat and a fumble attack here it is
right here this will check it out so
let's see what we do okay first things
first guys they say to spray this all
over the shoe one coat will do it so
let's do that
[Music]
then do one coat of this all right we're
done applying one coat of the liquid off
and it says on the bottle and then there
is the description to wait at least 24
hours for it to dry for it to fully you
know working all that so let's do that
I'll see you guys in 24 hours all right
24 hours this should be dry by now so
let's check it out check it out let's
try this this first first part this is
the new book
[Music]
let's see I see when I see that came
right off
[Music]
holy crap
okay let's check these out
I did the tongue which other tongue came
straight off see that all right but
let's have a little more test we got to
do this all right
test number one
yeah right
say let's say you eaten it you know
under Chinese right the wrong and you
actually put too much soy sauce on your
farm rise let's see what happening you
wait your conch oh wow thank you
basically came right up little stain
[Music]
we're here at all though let's say you
actually you eat some bug and you want
some more subbatch up so let's do that
oh snap
[Music]
holy smokes yo check it out came right
off Oh dope I gotta bake the end that my
testing hope you guys enjoyed it yes
shoutouts to liquid off first for
hooking it up and yes these are I think
it do work pretty good at least about
maybe 85 to 90% or so but it's still a
really dope product very affordable too
as well I mean I think this bottle right
here is about 12 to 14 bucks on sale
right now in a bigger bottle you know
double the size of this is probably
about 24 bucks so some of that and this
will last you up to about maybe like
five or seven this small baller will
probably do about five or six pairs and
when you're gonna do spray make sure you
do spray the out of it that was my
one flaw didn't do correctly spray until
it's completely wet don't spray it till
it's just misty anyways yeah good
product is you can still see the conch
hose it came out nothing is no stain
I'll put some sriracha in the soy sauce
and everything good to go and of course
if it doesn't get it get it off use your
Angela's cleaner yo okay so you guys do
want to check out the products and all
the way I'll have all the links in the
description below in the description
right here down there somewhere so hit
him up and also hit up the dude wasn't
thing but the his name was a Harold
Stewart really nice guy he texted really
quick fast so if you guys have any
questions text him run away and he was
very fast respond so it was real adult
product I really I actually my paint I
recommend it and you know for us the
cares man we want to keep her choose
fresh and clean you know gotta stay
fresh FTD Haley Joe hope you guys enjoy
the video if you guys don't mind please
hit that thumbs up for me I would really
appreciate that guys subscribe is your
first time here for future videos and
giveaways and all that fun stuff and
also cop below if you guys what you guys
think about the product or if you guys
have anything like this or you know some
what patio and jumping with Chris purse
[Music]